Update 5B power descriptions part 2 (#489)
radxa-docs/documentation: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/rock5/rock5b/hardware/hardware-details.md

The Radxa ROCK 5 Model B is designed to be an ARM desktop Single Board Computer with low power consumption. It supports the following power input:

> - Type-C 5V, recommended high load input current: 5A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Type-C 5V input. Power supply capable of 5A output is recommended.
```
